bluetooth: fast_pair: Describe discoverable advertising limitation (#8038)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/services/fast_pair.rst

-----------------

The service selects Bluetooth privacy (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY`) and sets the default value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RPA_TIMEOUT` to 3600 seconds.

During not discoverable advertising, the RPA address rotation must be done together with the Fast Pair payload update.
Because of this, the RPA address cannot be rotated by Zephyr in the background.

During discoverable advertising session, the RPA address rotation must not happen.

> Make sure that your advertising session is shorter than :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RPA_TIMEOUT` and call :c:func:`bt_le_oob_get_local` to trigger RPA rotation and reset the RPA timeout right before discoverable advertising start.

Author: I think we are mixing things a bit with new wording.
User actually needs to `Make sure that your advertising session is shorter than :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RPA_TIMEOUT` and call :c:func:`bt_le_oob_get_local` to trigger RPA rotation and reset the RPA timeout right before discoverable advertising start.` in order to `prevent RPA rotation from happening`

> Make sure that your advertising session is shorter than :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RPA_TIMEOUT` and call :c:func:`bt_le_oob_get_local` to trigger RPA rotation and reset the RPA timeout right before discoverable advertising start.

Author: I would not make this as separate points because of that.

> During discoverable advertising session, the RPA address rotation must not happen.
> Make sure that your advertising session is shorter than :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RPA_TIMEOUT` and call :c:func:`bt_le_oob_get_local` to trigger RPA rotation and reset the RPA timeout right before discoverable advertising start.

Reviewer: My bad, I misunderstood it. I have re-phrased the sentences.
```suggestion
During discoverable advertising session, the RPA address rotation must not happen.
Therefore, consider the following points:

* Make sure that your advertising session is shorter than the value in the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RPA_TIMEOUT` option.
* Call :c:func:`bt_le_oob_get_local` to trigger RPA rotation.
* Reset the RPA timeout right before the start of advertising.
```
